1.Using Form widget
2.Adding a splash screen
3.Importing fireabase auth package to install flutter auth
4.Create different folders for logic and UI
5.Create conditional forwarding
6.Decorate the app

7. Add single child scroll view widget to allow scroll functionality

8. Added Profile section there we are using both Auth and Store instance to access the data ....
We are first getting the data and then storing that data into the map. Then using it when the profile screen will be screen

9. We are going to add gloabal providers to access the user value everywhere.. We are going to implement userGetDetails(User get data) function in providers.. There we are repeting the same steps
... & then we are notifying the listners... Then we are getting the data once the app has started

 10. In This step I've added a Dashboard list chats.. This chats are constant and we have first created them in firebase console...
 We have created two chatrooms .. Flutte dev and node js dev .. This chat room are now loaded in our dashboard screen and they are loaded as list... And not as map
 Tehy we have used init data to access data

 11. Now I've edited the profile screens
 12. Always open the app in splash screen For updating the data in the firebase there is a method know as Update

 13. Created a chat room page and we have got the Firebase Ids and values of the table (chatroom) to query the data in it

 14. Context when outside build widget needs listen to be set as false

 15. Now created the send message function which will send the message. we are basically creating a new column in the database


 16. We are sending the data in another table and then retriving from it... Like User is different table and Messages is different table... User are making changes in the message table and we are retriving that data using stream builder widget

 17. Now conditionally rendering the messagge in the specific chatroom you might get an error so to fix that
     Go and create index in the firebase by clicking the link in the debug console 